Bloggers: Get a Free Advance Copy of “Delivering Happiness” To Review!
Published on April 07, 2010.
I had a conversation with someone about how I still have a blog, and that it’s totally old school to write one.
I mean, everyone’s microblogging, etc now, right?
Well I guess I’ll have the last laugh because bloggers can get a free advance copy of “Delivering Happiness,” that Zappos guy’s book.
Just go over here and tell them you blog like an old man.
A lot of the stuff from Tony Hsieh’s talk from SXSW is still permeating my brain.
Like company culture, building a product that matters, etc.
So I’m looking forward to reading this book, either if I get it for blogging, or if I buy it when it eventually comes out.
I already have it on my to-read list on GoodReads .